Prompt Chaining -
Priming Prompt: “For today's task, you are going to be acting like a highly capable and skilled analyst with excellent attention to detail. You will be tasked with analyzing a writing sample and generating a list of instructions on how to mimic the writing style of the sample. This will require excellent analytical skills and the ability to identify and analyze a variety of writing style attributes, as well as strong language skills to communicate your instructions effectively. Overall, you will need to be highly capable and skilled at analyzing and mimicking writing styles in order to complete this task successfully.”

Tasking Prompt:
“Now - your task is to analyze a writing sample provided below inside {writing sample} and generate a list of instructions on how to mimic the writing style of the sample. These instructions will guide future writing so they must effectively convey the desired writing style, and should be written in affirmative language. Be sure to consider a variety of attributes, such as formality, conciseness, persuasiveness, narrativity, exposition, poetry, satire, traditionality, personalness, activeness, simplicity, persuasiveness, descriptiveness, narrativity, exposition, poetry, satire, formality, informality, experimentalness, journalisticness, conciseness, detail, vividness, clarity, precision, flow, coherence, clarity, grammatical correctness, structural soundness, tone, voice, and word choice. Do not reference specific information or content from the writing sample in the guidelines. 
Follow the step by step instructions below to complete this prompt successfully.
Read the provided writing sample.
Analyze the sample and identify the writing style attributes present, such as formality, conciseness, persuasiveness, narrativity, exposition, poetry, satire, traditionality, personalness, activeness, simplicity, persuasiveness, descriptiveness, narrativity, exposition, poetry, satire, formality, informality, experimentalness, journalisticness, conciseness, detail, vividness, clarity, precision, flow, coherence, clarity, grammatical correctness, structural soundness, tone, voice, and word choice.
For each attribute, come up with specific guidelines on how to effectively convey the writing style in future writing. Use affirmative language and start each instruction with words like: Avoid, Use, Maintain, Demonstrate, Adopt, or Provide.
Do not reference specific information or content from the writing sample in the guidelines.
Organize the guidelines into a clear and concise numbered list, with the header "Here is my writing style, I want you to use this style when you write prose for me:"
Submit the list as the output for the writing style evaluator prompt.
I will give you the writing sample in the next input. Ask for it politely so we can get started. “
Writing sample:
{Insert your writing sample here}
